absent before ted and who is justice
the man who tells the truth even though everything
hopefully mean yeah that's even
so today I am in my
offices now if ever one do
weird stuff that's on the big
post control screen only the
big a big screen 3 leaving the
things like that but today we
is not there to make noise because
justin is not there just to make
sound of the company to congratulate people
so there today it's more of a big up
clan little mouth they want to talk
that they spend their mouths on her
would like to make him a big up at
trainer because we often talk about
when hybrids are not often talked about
people who found them so already like
the training center there are people in
have pope who are there in high schools
who are the great still some
neighborhoods that often also in
some rooms
I start and I was talking of course to a
first goal in a number of dice brother
bar or we do not see but who did
markets full of dancers who
the acquittal wants to dance to full
of people people like
as camber vix people entrusts drags
with him there are plenty of people who are
passed by him
there are plenty of people who have taken
course with him there are plenty of people who
discovered the estate with her that
discovered the culture
he gives himself thoroughly to make a
orchard stayed from initiation to
passion up to the profession I see a
little bit the curriculum will live and become and
really that but he never forgets where
you come
and especially from nowhere who was the
continuity nothing
so here again this is the
little phrase you see it gradually to
the little touch conceive spoke to me
also from francis in section was also
makes emerge with spike that make stage
on the city of Cergy
you see when I cc these young dancers
years to make their made
talk about them please I talked about tino
by both the ultimate neck back
early morning steak of course I was talking about
lots of people who are there who gives who
give envied envied it's here from
people's name is from books of
marseille brigitte and to and david who
makes you want to small I talked about
alicia de montpellier in addition to these
people who told us that they have us
given also want to dance directly
or indirectly it's cons that are
caught up in the culture of the guilty of
calendar or as I did not know I
request today I spoke for them
Belgians with magic strength from precisely
his first Belgian dancers from
this firefighter from 1 100 to 2 2
these people that we make sure that the
belgium be where she is
I was talking about Germany with storm
no case give a good education that
are not there only to help our sisters
but also good teachers
all those guys who are there and who form
and who narrates the platform and flap with
didier who trains people talk to each other and
the kent dance dance of course the foot
this is rightly hamada right because without
life would not be there I thank her again
once even if it is these advances
still someone who made me want to
bars and make me happy what
why he was there so all this one
hold the guys who shines from February
that guys behind it is not because
that we see all these
people there at the top of the record that
those who are not seen
often important in a tree is to
the root kalt round and at the branches there
are the fruits and is rooted there all
kinds of which big up to all had all
again I repeat the low sentence
to screw and become but a breakaway from
hold on and do not forget they were
there when he was talking